Update pattern removal entry in changelog (#2609)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

#### Remove `pattern` from the date input component

If you're not using the Nunjucks macros, remove `pattern="[0-9]*"` from each of the date input's elements.

> We originally added the `pattern`attribute to enforce numeric keyboard functionality in Safari on iOS. However, we no longer need to use it, as the `inputmode` attribute provides this functionality for newer Safari versions.

Author: Does 'enforce' have a specific meaning for users, or could we say something like "...to make sure numeric keyboard functionality works in..."?

Reviewer: Probably not either. It's more like it's a "suggestion" that defaulted the on-screen keyboard to a numeric input layout—but the user could still change it to alphanumeric if they wanted to, so it's not really enforced, nor was it functionally necessary for the user to provide valid input.

Author: Ah cool, thanks for explaining. Could something like the below work?

> We originally added the `pattern` attribute to make numeric keypad functionality the default functionality in Safari on iOS.

Reviewer: Yeah, that makes sense, I think!

Author: Cheers! :)

> We originally added the `pattern`attribute to enforce numeric keyboard functionality in Safari on iOS. However, we no longer need to use it, as the `inputmode` attribute provides this functionality for newer Safari versions.

Author: ```suggestion
We originally added the `pattern` attribute to enforce numeric keyboard functionality in Safari on iOS. However, we no longer need to use it, as the `inputmode` attribute provides this functionality for newer Safari versions.
```

> We originally added the `pattern` attribute to enforce numeric keyboard functionality in Safari on iOS. However, we no longer need to use it, as the `inputmode` attribute provides this functionality for newer Safari versions.

Author: Does 'enforce' have a specific meaning for users, or could we say something like "...to make sure numeric keyboard functionality works in..."?

> We originally added the `pattern` attribute to enforce numeric keyboard functionality in Safari on iOS. However, we no longer need to use it, as the `inputmode` attribute provides this functionality for newer Safari versions.

Author: ```suggestion
We originally added the `pattern` attribute to make numeric keypad functionality the default functionality in Safari on iOS. However, we no longer need to use it, as the `inputmode` attribute provides this functionality for newer Safari versions.
```
